Document support for groups and aliases in koji allowed_* options (#814)
packit/packit.dev: docs/configuration/downstream/koji_build.md

* **scratch** - defaults to `false`, use to create scratch (test) builds
  instead of the real production builds
* **allowed_pr_authors** - a list of PR authors whose merged pull requests will trigger Koji builds
  (defaults to `['packit']`). You can specify:
   - FAS accounts directly, e.g. `my-fas`
   - groups - starting with `@`, e.g. `@my-sig`

>    - aliases `all_admins` and `all_committers` - allowing all users with corresponding access to the dist-git repo

Reviewer: I am just wondering if someone will think how to substitute `all_admin` and `all_committers`.
Since the previous two examples were meant to be substituted, like `my-fas` with `mmassari`. I don't want that someone thinks `all_admins` should be substituted with a list of admins... Just to be sure, I will put directly a user example and a group example in the fas and group lines.

Reviewer 2: I think it's pretty clear, but maybe something like this would be a bit better?

```suggestion
   - name of a FAS account, e.g. `my-fas`
   - name of a group - starting with `@`, e.g. `@my-sig`
   - `all_admins` alias - allowing all users with admin access to the dist-git repo
   - `all_committers` alias - allowing all users with commit access to the dist-git repo
```

Author: thanks for the feedback, the suggestion makes sense to me

* **scratch** - defaults to `false`, use to create scratch (test) builds
  instead of the real production builds
* **allowed_pr_authors** - a list of PR authors whose merged pull requests will trigger Koji builds

>   (defaults to `['packit']`). You can specify:

Reviewer 2: Ok, now I'd suggest one more change:

```suggestion
  (defaults to `['packit']`). As each item of the list you can specify:
```
